Translation corrections (#131)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_011.txt

//r田舎町の出身のおかげで、この街に来てから血のにじむような辛苦を味わった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "田舎町の出身のおかげで、この街に来てから血のにじむような辛苦を味わった。",

> 			NULL, "I've suffered excrutiating hardship since I came to this city, thanks to being born and raised in the countryside.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I've suffered excruciating hardship since I came to this city, thanks to being born and raised in the countryside.", Line_Normal);
```

//rあれから何時間、…その後帰ってきたおとーさんが加わってから、どれくらいの間私は、二人から叱られていただろうか…？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "あれから何時間、…その後帰ってきたおとーさんが加わってから、どれくらいの間私は、二人から叱られていただろうか…？",

> 			NULL, "How many hours had it been? Just how long did Mom and Dad scold me once the latter came home...?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "How many hours had it been? Just how long did Mom and Dad scold me after Dad came home...?", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r結局、…二人はただ無断アルバイトを怒るだけで、私がアルバイトした理由を聞いてくれなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "結局、…二人はただ無断アルバイトを怒るだけで、私がアルバイトした理由を聞いてくれなかった。",

> 			NULL, "In the end... they were both just mad I'd gotten a part-time job without permission, and neither bothered hearing my reasons out.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In the end... they were both just mad I'd gotten a part-time job without their permission, and neither one bothered hearing my reasons.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r理由なんてどうでもよく、…本当は自分たちの憂さ晴らしにしたかっただけじゃないかと、なんとなく邪推したくなる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "理由なんてどうでもよく、…本当は自分たちの憂さ晴らしにしたかっただけじゃないかと、なんとなく邪推したくなる。",
			NULL, "They didn't care why... I guess they just wanted a distraction and to get mad about something.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそして私も、…もう話す気もなかった。そもそもこんな気分で、自分が働いたお金を両親のために使おうと思えるほど、私はお気楽なお人よしじゃない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして私も、…もう話す気もなかった。そもそもこんな気分で、自分が働いたお金を両親のために使おうと思えるほど、私はお気楽なお人よしじゃない。",
			NULL, "And I... didn't feel like talking about it anymore. The way things stood now, I wasn't soft enough to consider spending my hard-earned money on my parents anymore.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそれに加えて、…二人の小言に混じって聞こえてくる、やけに甲高くて辛気臭いおばーちゃんの祝詞の忌々しさといったら……ッ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それに加えて、…二人の小言に混じって聞こえてくる、やけに甲高くて辛気臭いおばーちゃんの祝詞の忌々しさといったら……ッ。",

> 			NULL, "What's more... I could hear Grandma's annoying shrill as she chanted her irritating prayers while my parents scolded me......", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "What's more... I could hear Grandma's annoying shrill voice as she chanted her irritating prayers while my parents scolded me......", Line_Normal);
```
